MFLT-9219 Document logging for linux (#406)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/reference-memfaultd-configuration.mdx

| `max_buffered_lines`       | Maximum number of lines to buffer in memory before applying backpressure to fluent-bit. | 10000             |
| `max_connections`          | Maximum number of simultaneous connected sockets with fluent-bit.                       | 4                 |

[docs-logging-extra-attributes]:
  http://localhost:3000/docs/linux/logging#fluent-bitextra_fluentd_attributes

### `logs`

```json
{
  "logs": {
    "rotate_size_kib": 10240,
    "rotate_after_seconds": 3600,
    "tmp_folder": "tmplogs"
  }
}
```

| Field                  | Description                                                                                                                          | Recommended value                    |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ |
| `rotate_after_seconds` | Log files will be rotated when they reach this number of seconds.                                                                    | 3600                                 |

> | `rotate_size_kib`      | Log files will be rotated when they reach this size (in kilo-bytes).                                                                 | 10240 (10 MB)                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rotate_size_kib`      | Log files will be rotated when they reach this size (in kibibytes).                                                                 | 10240 (10 MiB)                        |
```
